content/alternative-giving/_index.md, before:

---
content:
  body: >-
    The number of people sleeping rough on our streets has increased significantly in recent years.


    The knock on effect is increased pressure on the support network that helps rough sleepers, teams that are committed to working with individuals to provide accommodation, hot meals, medical treatment and ultimately a better future.


    That’s why we invite you to join us in working together so that every member of the community can turn small change into big change.
  heading: How you can give to help end homelessness
highlightTop:
  body: >-
    [Change into Action](https://changeintoaction.org.uk) is an alternative giving scheme that provides a safe, easy and secure way to donate money to fund practical support for people who are or have been rough sleeping across the WMCA region. Change into Action brings together partners from key local organisations, such as specialist homelessness charities and street teams that work with individuals to identify practical measures that can really make a difference and help make that move away from the streets. 


    The scheme is administered and managed locally in Birmingham, Coventry, Dudley, Sandwell, Solihull and Walsall; with Wolverhampton having a similar initiative known as [Alternative Giving CIO](https://wolverhamptonchange.co.uk). 
  heading: Change into action
highlightBottom:
  body: >-
    [Alternative Giving CIO](https://wolverhamptonchange.co.uk) (Charity No. 1186415) is an opportunity for everyone and anyone to make the choice to give, donate and support those in need. Your donation will help to change the way in which we help people at risk of homelessness in the city by ensuring all funds raised reach those currently in severe hardship.
  heading: Alternative Giving CIO - Wolverhampton
highlightLeft:
  body: >-
    Local community and charitable organisations are the frontline of our
    response to homelessness. Their staff and volunteers work tirelessly, and a
    donation to them can make a huge difference to what they are able to
    achieve.


    To see what organisations are active in your area, go to the [Street Support website](https://streetsupport.net/give-help).
  heading: Give to organisations
---

Commit message:

adds areas of work landing page

content/alternative-giving/_index.md, after:

---
content:
  body: >-
    We all want to help reduce the impact of rough sleeping at the same time as we work to reduce the numbers of people who end up living on the streets. One of the ways we can help in an effective way is by using 'alternative giving' schemes rather than giving money to people individually. 


    That’s why we invite you to join us in working together so that every member of the community can turn small change into big change.
  heading: How you can give to help end homelessness
highlightTop:
  body: >-
    [Change into Action](https://changeintoaction.org.uk) is an alternative giving scheme that provides a safe, easy and secure way to donate money to fund practical support for people who are or have been rough sleeping across the WMCA region. Change into Action brings together partners from key local organisations, such as specialist homelessness charities and street teams that work with individuals to identify practical measures that can really make a difference and help make that move away from the streets. 


    The scheme is administered and managed locally in Birmingham, Coventry, Dudley, Sandwell, Solihull and Walsall; with Wolverhampton having a similar initiative known as [Alternative Giving CIO](https://wolverhamptonchange.co.uk). 
  heading: Change into action
highlightBottom:
  body: >-
    [Alternative Giving CIO](https://wolverhamptonchange.co.uk) (Charity No. 1186415) is an opportunity for everyone and anyone to make the choice to give, donate and support those in need. Your donation will help to change the way in which we help people at risk of homelessness in the city by ensuring all funds raised reach those currently in severe hardship.
  heading: Alternative Giving CIO - Wolverhampton
highlightLeft:
  body: >-
    Local community and charitable organisations are the frontline of our
    response to homelessness. Their staff and volunteers work tirelessly, and a
    donation to them can make a huge difference to what they are able to
    achieve.


    To see what organisations are active in your area, go to the [Street Support website](https://streetsupport.net/give-help).
  heading: Give to organisations
---
