content/areas-of-work/_index.md, before:

---
content:
  body: >-
    This section highlights the key areas of work the Taskforce has been working on since its inception.  Follow the links for information, insight and resources.

  heading: Areas of Work

positivePathways:
  body: >-
    The Positive Pathway Model underpins all the work of the Homelessness Taskforce it provides us with a systematic and coherent way of thinking about how things can be done differently.
  heading: Potitve Pathways Model  
  
designingOutHomelessness:
  body: >-
    Designing out Homelessness is the strategic objective of the Homelessness Taskforce. Our approach builds on the Positive Pathways Model and aims to build in homelessness prevention and resilience building into the very fabric of services and systems. 
  heading: Designing out Homlessness

commitmentToCollaborate:
  body: >-
    The Commitment to Collaborate (C2C) is a step-by-step approach that uses the logic of both the Positive Pathways Model and Designing out Homelessness to guide organisations through a reflective yet action based process so they can maximise their impact on reducing homelessness.
  heading: Commitment to Collaborate

businesses:
  body: >-
    The business community has a crucial role to play in helping to reduce homelessness, both as employers and people committed to their local communities. The toolkit developed with businesses is a step-by-step guide for employers to review what they can do to maximise their contribution.
  heading: Businesses

faithAndCommunity:
  body: >-
    Faith and Community groups have a crucial role to play in reducing homelessness and its impact of people.  They can be critical partners in work at all stages of the Positive Pathways Model approach.
  heading: Faith and Community Groups
  
childrenFamilies:
  body: >-
    The impact of homelessness of children, families and young people cannot be underestimated and the complexity of the issues they face can be daunting.  We have been developing our work in this area for the last two years and will keep these groups as a high priority in the future.
  heading: Children, Families and Young People

nrpf: 
  body: >-
    People who have no recourse to public funds or who only have restricted access to public funds can be some of the most vulnerable individuals agencies have to support.  We have worked with key partners to collate a range of resources people can use to make a difference.
  heading: No Recourse to Public Funds (NRPF)

roughSleeping: 
  body: >-
    If homelessness is the ultimate exclusion then rough sleeping is probably the most extreme example of that.  The Homelessness Taskforce has focused on this area of work since it’s inception in 2017 and in this section we outline the work we have undertaken.
  heading: Rough Sleeping
---

Commit message:

adds learn more links to cms

content/areas-of-work/_index.md, after:

---
title: Areas of Work
content:
  body: >-
    This section highlights the key areas of work the Taskforce has been working on since its inception.  Follow the links for information, insight and resources.

  heading: Areas of Work

positivePathways:
  body: >-
    The Positive Pathway Model underpins all the work of the Homelessness Taskforce it provides us with a systematic and coherent way of thinking about how things can be done differently.


    [Learn more](/positive-pathways)
  heading: Positve Pathways Model  
  
designingOutHomelessness:
  body: >-
    Designing out Homelessness is the strategic objective of the Homelessness Taskforce. Our approach builds on the Positive Pathways Model and aims to build in homelessness prevention and resilience building into the very fabric of services and systems.


    [Learn more](/designing-out-homelessness)
  heading: Designing out Homlessness

commitmentToCollaborate:
  body: >-
    The Commitment to Collaborate (C2C) is a step-by-step approach that uses the logic of both the Positive Pathways Model and Designing out Homelessness to guide organisations through a reflective yet action based process so they can maximise their impact on reducing homelessness.


    [Learn more](/commitment-to-collaborate)
  heading: Commitment to Collaborate

businesses:
  body: >-
    The business community has a crucial role to play in helping to reduce homelessness, both as employers and people committed to their local communities. The toolkit developed with businesses is a step-by-step guide for employers to review what they can do to maximise their contribution.


    [Learn more](/businesses)
  heading: Businesses

faithAndCommunity:
  body: >-
    Faith and Community groups have a crucial role to play in reducing homelessness and its impact of people.  They can be critical partners in work at all stages of the Positive Pathways Model approach.


    [Learn more](/faith-and-community-groups)
  heading: Faith and Community Groups
  
childrenFamilies:
  body: >-
    The impact of homelessness of children, families and young people cannot be underestimated and the complexity of the issues they face can be daunting.  We have been developing our work in this area for the last two years and will keep these groups as a high priority in the future.


    [Learn more](/families-and-young-people)
  heading: Children, Families and Young People

nrpf: 
  body: >-
    People who have no recourse to public funds or who only have restricted access to public funds can be some of the most vulnerable individuals agencies have to support.  We have worked with key partners to collate a range of resources people can use to make a difference.


    [Learn more](/nrpf)
  heading: No Recourse to Public Funds (NRPF)

roughSleeping: 
  body: >-
    If homelessness is the ultimate exclusion then rough sleeping is probably the most extreme example of that.  The Homelessness Taskforce has focused on this area of work since it’s inception in 2017 and in this section we outline the work we have undertaken.

    
    [Learn more](/rough-sleeping)
  heading: Rough Sleeping
---
